84 utsmomr oli·

Aminins end Utenbogardusf and the two (depulies) from
Utreehtf whom they had drawn „wer te their opini0n7 de-
termined these three things: 1. Thst thstwss tn be held
ss the deeisiou ofthe Synnd, not whith had beers ‹leter-
miued hythe votes of sll the deputies te the Synod, but
also by these who deputed thern ; fory under the name uf
the Synnd, nst the deputies elene, hut these who deputed
thern also, ought te hs understood. 2v That it should al-
wsys he free te the depnties, ns often ss they might
eli-rose, sud ss they pereeived tinet they were bnrdeneil
in sny thing, to retire to their own <friends or eonsti-
tnents> fer the sslse of taking tenusel. 3. That the re⁴
vision of the Belgio Oonsession end Oateehism was alzo-
gether seeessnry; se that they saw no nense, ier whieh
the clause eenecrning the revision of these writiugs,
should not he inserted in the letters of eonvoention.

The restet the phsmrs ard profes-sors judged: 1. Thai
thst should he considered ss the definite deeisinn ef the
synod whieh hsd been determined either by the contur-
teutvetes tf the depulies ω the synod, or ef the majority
os them bnt that, nuder the „tine nr the Syr-od, those
were te be dennestedwhd hs lswfuldeputies to thessrne,
hed ruet together with the power orjmlgirrg. 2, Thnt it
might indeed he nllnwetl thern te retire te their friends
lor the salse ef taking eonnsel 3 yet sn thst, nnder this
praest, the proceediugs of the Synod should unt be
rnshly distnrhed: thnt wheny ssd in whst rnsnner, and
for whnt sauses, they might thus reeede, shenld not hs
lest te the unrestrieted will (arbitrio) ος individunls, hut
te the judgmeut oi the wli-‚le Synnd. 3. That the Bel.
gie confession and esteehism might indeed he revised ir.
the Synod, if, fer ndeqnstn edures, the Syuod should de.

