132 ammon? or

vacant ehnrehes, te propagate their evm opinion by ser-
mone aud pnhhe vaninge, te ren nt the orthodox doctrine
with homa ealumuies, te nrew over the penple te their
partyy and to alienate thenn more and mere fron. the doe-
trsne ef the Refnrmed ehurehes. For thie purpose they
earnemy eentterea pamphlets (libellos) in great number,
emeng the eennmon pe0p1ef written in the ηιμ tnngne,
under the titles ef a The hene ef e eonflngrnt10n‚” (eem-
penoe incendiaria) “A more eempressed deelerntien‚”
“A mere direct ways end others ; in whseh they not
only fought in defenee of their own deetrine, bnt both
exeused Vorntins, and meet etreeieuely, with e eenine
elequeneef eanvfflefl the reeeived doetrine ef the Belgio
ehmrehes hy mest impudent eelumnies, and meet absurd
eenseqnenees deffleed wieheffly end unjustly against the
seme. Hence bitte: disputes end altereatious were ex-
eited among the people' whieh eennded throughout nu
pleeen ; end the mimis elno ef these who were mest nenfly
re1eted, (nr eonneeted, cefflncttenmrem) having been
embitmred among themselves, (with the great wouud ef
eharity, aud the disturbnnee of the ehurehes and nr the
pnhhe peaee‚nn‹1 with the immense grief end effenee
ef the pieuny) were torn asunder in the meet misemble
mnnnen And ne in most ef the emes, they hed the
megsetrney mere fnvournble te thenny and ceum de every
thing, through J> Uteubogardus, with the advocate ef
Holland, they inwlently exulted over the ehurehes, end
their feuew ntinisters.

1n the meenvffle, eu piens ‚neny and lovers ef their
country end ef religion, bewnned end wept ever this most
wretched onlamity of the ohurches3 :md when they could
net in their mind pereeive whither et length these tumulus

