humohumo Evmst. 143

not so great, ss that hy it they eould sttsin to what they
aimed ot, they indicated that the same things must be at„
tempted iu another woy; sud fer that purpose, a eertuiu
other rennuis os telerntiou having boen devised in de„
eeitfui phrsses, they, hy the hands of eorteis persons, who
seeretiy fevoured their psrty und opinions, hut were not
eonsidered as Remnnstrsuts, soiioited froin the pasmrs
subscription te this formula, every where throughout Hol-
hud, heth privately ond in their eouyoutiorr.

But when even iu this way the business did not go ou
oeoordiug to the purpose of their own ‚niun ; they judged,
thst those persons mustbe oompollcd (coytwdos) by the
authority ef the superiors, whoni they were not uh1e to
persuade to this, end thet ot length some time it iunst he
broken through, eud this husiuoss evidently aeeomplished.
'ro this eud they iikewise obtained) thetin the neme of
the i11ustrious‚ the states, the deereo ouuoemiug iuutusi
toleremus, whieh hed hoen publisheti in the fomier yenr,
should he seut to eoeh of the Classes, nnd st the snrne
thne it should he enjoined on the postors to ohey the same
without any eoutrudietion⁴ And thot they might the
more essiiy prefer those who were sttnohod to their perty,
to the minist-ries os the ohurohos, others hnyiug hoen ex-
eluded; they effoeted more-‚ver thet another (deereo)
sheuid he joined to it, hy whieh it wus permitted, thet iu
the vnestien of paswrs aud elders it should he nllowablo
tonse thstordes, whieh iu the year 1591 hod heeu rrsrned,
hut uot approved; from the preserihed ruie or whieh,
the eleotion wns appointed to he hy four of the magistxucy‚
nnd four others to be deputed froin the preshytery, when
these deerees had hoen trunsmittsd to the einssesy the
ruost of them sent swsy their deputies to the illustrious,

